The Ant build scripts will deploy two versions of the Hub: a core GUI-less java app 
and a Processing-based standalone app. The build sequence involves deploying the
core GUI-less app (build-core.xml), deploying the sketch to Processing (deploy-sketch.xml),
opening Processing and exporting the standlone apps, and deploying the standalone
apps created by Processing's export (deploy-applications.xml).
Build folder: /Users/ewan/Workspaces/Eclipse/NETLab_Hub/build

To deploy a full version of the Hub with plugins:

1. 	Modify the version number property at the head of the build-core.xml Ant script.

2.  Run the build-core.xml Ant script. This will deploy the core Hub application files to the local build folder.
	The deployed folder will be named with the version number and build date. A zip file will be created.

3. 	Run the deploy-sketch.xml Ant script. This will copy the newest Hub application files and supporting folders to the 
	build/processing folder and deploy the "NETLabHub" sketch to the local Processing sketchbook.

4. 	Open the Processing sketch "NETLabHub" using Processing 2.0.1 and choose File > Export Application. 
	(This will create the standalone apps in the corresponding folders in the sketch folder.)
	
5. 	Run the deploy-applications.xml Ant script. This will copy all support folders into each exported standalone app folder.
	Finally, it will deploy the application folders for each platform to the build/applications folder.

6.	Zip the build/applications folders and distribute the zip files for the GUI-less Hub created in step 2 and 
	the standalone desktop apps created in step 5. Note that zip needs to be done manually because the Ant zip task
	does not preserve file permissions.
	
Note: Mac icon is copied to the .app bundle by the Ant script in step 5. Windows icon is set at 
runtime in the Java app, but desktop icon needs to be set from Windows using Resource Hacker
(see http://www.infotechywiz.com/2012/06/how-to-modify-exe-files.html)


To create the release on GitHub:

Rename built apps from "application.*" to "NETLab_Hub-5.0.1.*"
Build zips and tar.gz files

In SourceTree:
Click "Tag" and create a tag in master branch ("v5.0.1")
Push to origin

In GitHub:
Click "Releases" tab.
Create the release based on the tag (e.g. "v5.0.1" @ Target: master)
Upload the binaries created above.
